hello
I can't make us man we're going I can't
tell you that Jack don't know where
you're going
in fact Ella who you work for should be
impressed I work for the CIA now the
director asked me at the last minute to
come with him to Russia to do it of Lear
arms inspection that is so lame hello
we're about to breathe air that's way
over your pay grade so listen up you're
gonna be asked for analysis and advice
I'll be sure you know what you're
talking about it
welcome to the CIA sport at a time of
increasing tension we're into this there
are 17 senior scientists on duty today I
only count 14 deliberate deception three
Russian scientist I'm missing I need to
know where they are so I'm going the
missions I just write reports the right
report about it I'm an analyst I'm not
trained for this just be my eyes and
ears
I can't be with somebody who's gonna
keep their life hidden from me check I
will not let that happen
and you enemies don't fight emotion and
Veronica you get to Russia and America
to fight each other and destroy each
other
only two men suspect the truth is out
there enjoying the Ukraine the three
Russian scientists and kraid from Israel
fair guess they're building a bomb the
electrifying bestseller by Tom Clancy
right the split on a cargo freighter
headed for the East Coast
what and the producer of clear and
present danger and Patriot Games
left leg where's the president now
they're taking a beer boy they think it
might be a Russian it wasn't a Russian
Morgan Freeman it adds up you just don't
like what it adds up to you strike
against the Russians you sacrifice your
moral authority we have reason to
believe the bomb was the work of
terrorists not the Russian Siddim
president the scrambling the fighters
My Orders are to get the right
information to the people who make the
decision we're in your report and if you
shut me out your family twenty five
million other families will be dead
the sum of all fears directed by phil
alden robinson